The authors thank Scott Hostovich at Information Management Services, Inc. for incorporating updates into the TreeScan software. We thank Helly Amin, Ahmed Rahat, Dr Faten Taki, Olivia Samson, Naama Kipperman, and Dr Mustapha Mustapha for analytic contributions. Mark Alexander and Kuan Chen set up SQL databases for automated data transfers. We thank Team Salmonella (including Allison Holmes, Alyssa Prince, Eve Curran, Kabeer Majhu, Lauren Hall, Olivia Wang, Elle Palmer, Jenna Mandell, Kimberly Kolsch, Nora Kuka, Sara del Aguila, and Tara Higgins) for exceptional work to complete timely patient interviews, which is key to identifying outbreak sources, as well as Lenka Malec, Marisa Gerard, Danielle Martinez, Samuel Davey, John Croft, and Athanasia Papadopoulos for managing and leading numerous salmonellosis cluster investigations. Christian King, Wai Sum So, Bun Tha, Moinuddin Chowdhury, and Nelson De La Cruz worked tirelessly in PHL’s Molecular Typing Laboratory. We thank Vasudha Reddy for sustained support and guidance on these activities. We thank Wadsworth Center for sequencing Salmonella isolates from NYC residents that were not sent to PHL. We thank CDC PulseNet database managers for assigning allele codes and Dr Lyndsay Bottichio and the Surveillance, Information Management, and Statistics Office in CDC’s Division of Foodborne, Waterborne, and Environmental Diseases for SEDRIC data provision. We thank CDC FoodCORE for continued funding to support both epidemiology and laboratory capacity for food-borne disease surveillance in NYC. Aviva Goldstein, Lauren da Fonte, and the Fund for Public Health in New York City provided fundraising and grant management support for TreeScan. Drs. Judy Maro and Katherine Yih provided valuable suggestions on an early manuscript draft. A preliminary version of this work was presented at the Integrated Foodborne Outbreak Response and Management (InFORM) Virtual Conference, 26–29 April 2022. This article was preprinted at https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2024.08.28.24312512v1 .